Migrate Python code to a dedicated package (#309)
tesseract-ocr/tesstrain: src/README.md

# tesstrain.py

Utilities for working with Tesseract 4 using artificial training data.

## Install

This package requires the Tesseract training tools to be available on your system.

> To install the PIP package, either use `pip install tesstrain` or `python setup.py install`. At least Python 3.6 is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the PIP package, either use `pip install tesstrain` or `python setup.py install`. At least Python 3.7 is required.
```

Reviewer: Python 3.6 is an old version which is no longer supported, so there is no need to support it here.

Author: You are right about this, although the code should run fine on Python 3.6 for now and therefore it should not hurt. To be honest, I actually used Python 3.6 for the migration as this our company did not yet migrate from it.

> To install the PIP package, either use `pip install tesstrain` or `python setup.py install`. At least Python 3.6 is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the PIP package, either use `pip install tesstrain` or `python setup.py install`.
It works with Python 3.6, but a supported Python version (at least 3.7) is recommended.
```
